docs: Adds Release Pipelines documentation (#5712)
Flagsmith/flagsmith: docs/docs/advanced-use/release-pipelines.md

# Release Pipelines

:::warning

Release Pipelines is currenlty in alpha phase and is not available to the public.

:::

Release Pipelines allow you to define a series of stages that your feature flags progress through automatically. Each stage can have specific triggers and actions that control when and how flags are released.

## Key Benefits

- **Automated Deployments**: Reduce manual intervention by automating flag releases across environments
- **Standardised Process**: Ensure consistent release protocols across your team
- **Reduced Risk**: Control the pace of rollouts with customisable conditions

> - **Better Visibility**: Track the progress of your feature releases through each stage

Reviewer: Enumerated or bullet point list items with a sentence should, from a [grammar perspective](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365-life-hacks/writing/punctuating-bullet-point-lists), end with a period. In this and other lists in this document, periods would favor the structure readability of the text, IMO.

# Release Pipelines

:::warning

Release Pipelines is currenlty in alpha phase and is not available to the public.

:::

![Use Case](/img/release-pipelines/use-case-pipeline.png)

> Release Pipelines act as your intelligent release assistant, automating your entire feature flag deployment process. Define stages that your flags progress through automatically, with triggers and actions that control rollouts to selected environments and audiences. Release Pipelines can automatically generate change requests when promoting flags to production, eliminating manual effort and streamlining your deployment workflow.

Reviewer: 👌

2. **Trigger**: When the stage should be activated.
3. **Actions**: What should happen when the stage is triggered.

### Stage Triggers

**On Enter** (`ON_ENTER`)

![On Enter](/img/release-pipelines/on-enter.png)

- Triggers immediately when a flag is added to this stage.
- Use this for immediate actions when flags reach a particular stage.

**Wait For** (`WAIT_FOR`)

![Wait For](/img/release-pipelines/wait-for.png)

- Triggers after waiting for a specified amount of time.
- Configure the wait time in minutes, hours, or days.
- Use this for gradual rollouts or testing periods.

### Stage Actions

![Wait For](/img/release-pipelines/actions.png)

**Toggle Feature Actions:**
- **Enable flag for everyone**: Enables the feature flag for all users in the environment.
- **Disable flag for everyone**: Disables the feature flag for all users in the environment.
- **Enable flag for segment**: Enables the feature flag for a specific user segment.
- **Disable flag for segment**: Disables the feature flag for a specific user segment.

## Publishing a Release Pipeline

### Draft Status

> After a release pipeline is created and before it is published, it remains in draft mode. In this state:
> A release pipeline is inactive and does not process feature flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a release pipeline is created and before it is published, it remains in draft mode. In this state:

- The release pipeline is inactive and does not process feature flags.
```

Reviewer: This looks like it was the original intention but please verify.

- The configuration remains editable.
- You can modify stages, triggers, and actions freely.
- Once published, the pipeline becomes immutable and operational.

### Publishing Process

:::warning

Once published, a release pipeline cannot be modified. Ensure your configuration is correct before publishing.

:::

1. Complete your pipeline configuration.
2. Review all stages, triggers, and actions.
3. Click **Publish Pipeline**.
4. Confirm the action when prompted.

![Publish Release Pipeline](/img/release-pipelines/publish-release-pipeline.png)

## Adding Flags to Release Pipelines

:::warning

In alpha phase there are no automatic rollbacks, you'd need to revert changes manually.

:::

### From the Dashboard

> 1. Navigate to your feature flags.
> 2. Select the flag you want to add to a pipeline.
> 3. Click the **Add to Release Pipeline** option.
> 4. Select the pipeline.
> 5. Confirm the selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to your feature flags.
1. Select the flag you want to add to a pipeline.
1. Click the arrow on the "Update Feature Value" button to expand options.
1. Click the **Add to Release Pipeline** option.
1. Select the pipeline.
1. Confirm the selection.
```

Feel free to rephrase.

Side note. We discussed offline about managing flags from within the stage card @ Release Pipeline configuration, which will be a great UX improvement in the future. Now while the steps above are the only way to use the feature, adding a feature flag to an ongoing pipeline should be easier to find IMO. I know this is out of scope at this point but here's raising it for a product-level discussion.
